IITS-13 update argocd (#254)
iits-consulting/charts: charts/argocd/Changelog.MD

## Chart Versions

### 21.0.0
- AppVersion upgrade to 3.5.1

> - **Breaking:** New selector was added on deployment argocd-redis-ha-haproxy which cannot be updated in place! Mitigation steps: 1. orphan delete the deployment BEFORE sync, 2. manually delete its replicaset directly on cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking:** New selector on deployment `argocd-redis-ha-haproxy` which cannot be updated in place. Upgrade steps deal with this: 
  1. disable self-heal on ArgoCD
  2. orphan delete the deployment `argocd-redis-ha-haproxy`,
  3. sync the new version of ArgoCD (creates new `argocd-redis-ha-haproxy` deployment and pods for it)
  4. manually delete the OLD replicaset directly on cluster
  5. enable self-heal on ArgoCD```

## Chart Versions

### 21.0.0
- AppVersion upgrade to 3.5.1

> - **Breaking:** New selector on deployment `argocd-redis-ha-haproxy` which cannot be updated in place. Upgrade steps deal with this: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking:** New selector on deployment `argocd-redis-ha-haproxy` which cannot be updated in place. Upgrade steps to deal with this: 
```

Reviewer: Sorry, totally my bad!

Author: Didn't catch that either. Thanks!
